docs: point to "firebase.google" domain for hyperlinks in the usage section of `README.md` files (for the missing packages) (#8818)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: packages/cloud_functions/cloud_functions/README.md

## Usage

> To use this plugin, please visit the [Functions Usage documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/callable#call_the_function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin, please visit the [Functions Usage documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/callable#dart)
```
